{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz180000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red226\green234\blue240;
\red226\green234\blue240;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red225\green234\blue240;\red224\green232\blue240;
\red12\green14\blue18;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;\cssrgb\c90662\c93423\c95324;
\cssrgb\c90663\c93423\c95324;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99971;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c90547\c93303\c95318;\cssrgb\c90196\c92941\c95294;
\cssrgb\c5098\c6667\c9020;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10720\viewh14180\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Lab | My first queries
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 1. Which are the different genres?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 Games, Productivity, Weather, Shopping, Reference, Finance, Music, Utilities, Travel, Social Networking, Sports, Business, Health & Fitness, Entertainment, Photo & Video, Navigation, Education, Lifestyle, Food & Drink, News, Book, Medical, Catalogs\

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 2. Which is the genre with more apps rated?\
Games - 3357\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 3. Which is the genre with more apps?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 Games - 3808\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 4. Which is the one with less?\
Catalogs - 10\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 5. Take the 10 apps most rated.\
Facebook, Instagram, Clash of Clans, Temple Run, Pandora - Music & Radio, Pinterest, Bible, Candy Crush Saga, Spotify Music, Angry Birds\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 6. Take the 10 apps best rated by users.\
Escape the Sweet Shop Series, Laurie Hernandez the Human Emoji, Room Escape Game - Santa's Room, CTFxCmoji, 4x4 Dirt Track Trials Forest Driving Parking Sim, VPN Go - Safe Fast & Stable VPN Proxy, Stickman Base Jumper 2,  DELISH KITCHEN - ????????????????????????????????????, ??????????????? KOTATSU, Escape a Crepe House\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 7. Take a look on the data you retrieved in the question 5. Give some insights.\
All the the top 10 most rated apps are free, and 40% of them are Games. Also, most of them have many languages available.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 8. Take a look on the data you retrieved in the question 6. Give some insights.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 All the the top 10 best rated apps are free, 100% of them are rated as 5 stars but this doesn\'92t take into account the number of reviews because most of them have a very low review count which makes the data unreliable unless you create an average between the user rating and the rating count.  50% of them are games. Also, these have a very low language count available.\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 9. Now compare the data from questions 5 and 6. What do you see?\
Comparing the data between questions 5 and 6 we can tell that a high rating doesn\'92t dictate a quality product, since underlying factor such as low rating counts need to be taken into account when looking at the value. Most rated apps tend to accommodate users from many more nationalities in a more comfortable way. Also, users keep preferring to choose free apps over paid apps, but most apps nowadays are free at face value but tend to use either subscription based services or in-app advertising as a revenue generation method.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 10. How could you take the top 3 regarding the user ratings but also the number of votes?\
When taking into account the user rating, as well as, number of votes. The top 3 are Head Soccer, Plants vs. Zombies, Sniper 3D Assassin: Shoot to Kill Gun Game.\
We calculated this by ordering the query by user rating and the rating count total, both in descending order.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 11. Does people care about the price?
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 \'a0Do some queries, comment why are you doing them and the results you retrieve. What is your conclusion?\
The average rating of reviewed apps, both free and paid is very similar. With a rating of approx. 4.048 for free apps; and approx. 4.049 for paid apps.\
Most apps are rated as 4.5, out of 5. Followed by 4 and 3.5 as the top 3 most common ratings.\
\
I would say that, broadly speaking, users do not seem to care much about the price. But with a more in-depth approach, including more queries, most likely would prove that paid apps appear to take harsher criticism. This must be due to the value that users expect to take with a higher investment.\cf6 \cb7 \strokec8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \cb10 \strokec9 \
}